what have you got me into i've got this
i don't think you have
9-1-1 what's your emergency
hello are you there
dad i hit somebody
and i left him i left him there
oh my god don't tell anyone
not ever i can do this i can keep you
safe if no one ever hears about it
the boy you hit this morning is jimmy
baxter's son
the head of the most vicious crime
family in the city
whoever you are wherever you are
you will be found
i need a favor no questions asked
it wasn't a hit and run it was a hat
there's no other explanation
you know if you want a war i'll give you
a war
we go big we go big once
my best friend just threw me in the deep
end i've got this
chuck i don't think you have
i promise you it's going to be all right
you